[Datastore] Source case handling while using spark. (#6057)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/feature-store/sources-targets.md

| [Kafka source](#kafka-source)                                                  |Event-based. Sets a Kafka source for the flow (supports both Apache and Confluence Kafka).| Y      | N     | N      |
| {py:meth}`~mlrun.datastore.StreamSource`                                                       |Event-based. Sets the stream source for the flow. If the stream doesn’t exist it creates it. | Y      | N     | N      |

## Snowflake source
```{admonition} Note
Snowflake SQL columns are always set to uppercase letters.

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe be a bit more informative here? Would be great to add an example code where a `SnowflakeSource` class is used as source and an entity name (or timestamp field etc.) is provided with lowercase letter, explaining that this code will fail? Similar to the example we have in [SQL source](https://docs.mlrun.org/en/latest/feature-store/sources-targets.html#sql-source).

| [Kafka source](#kafka-source)                                                  |Event-based. Sets a Kafka source for the flow (supports both Apache and Confluence Kafka).| Y      | N     | N      |
| {py:meth}`~mlrun.datastore.StreamSource`                                                       |Event-based. Sets the stream source for the flow. If the stream doesn’t exist it creates it. | Y      | N     | N      |

## Snowflake source
```{admonition} Note
# Snowflake SQL columns are always set to uppercase letters.
# This code will fail because timestamp_key is in lowercase:

> os.environ["SNOWFLAKE_PASSWORD"] = "*****"

Reviewer 2: Better give a description and  working example and then add a note about uppercase.

| [Kafka source](#kafka-source)                                                  |Event-based. Sets a Kafka source for the flow (supports both Apache and Confluence Kafka).| Y      | N     | N      |
| {py:meth}`~mlrun.datastore.StreamSource`                                                       |Event-based. Sets the stream source for the flow. If the stream doesn’t exist it creates it. | Y      | N     | N      |

## Snowflake source
```{admonition} Note
# An example of SnowflakeSource ingest:

os.environ["SNOWFLAKE_PASSWORD"] = "*****"
source = SnowflakeSource(
    "snowflake_source_for_ingest",
    query=f"select * from {source_table} order by ID limit {number_of_rows}",
    schema="schema",
    url="url", 
    user="user", 
    database="db",
    warehouse="warehouse",
)
 
feature_set = mlrun.feature_store.FeatureSet("my_fs", entities=[fs.Entity('KEY')], engine="spark")
df = fs.ingest(feature_set, source=source, targets=[ParquetTarget()], \
  run_config=mlrun.feature_store.RunConfig(local=False),spark_context=spark_context)

> # Pay attention!
> # Snowflake SQL columns are always set to uppercase letters.
> # If we replace 'KEY' with the lowercase 'key', this code will fail and raise an MLRunInvalidArgumentError.
> # The same applies to timestamp_key and label_column.
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Notice that by default, Snowflake converts to uppercase name of columns ingested to it.
# The feature-set entity, timestamp_key and label_coumnt must have similar case to the source, othewise the ingest will faile with MLRunInvalidArgumentError exception
```
